=== COMPONENT CLUSTERS (wizard/flow/meeting) ===

business/pages/index.tsx:28:      title: "24/7 Availability",
marketing/public/locales/mk/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/mk/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/cs/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/cs/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/fo/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/fo/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/lt/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/lt/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/ms/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/ms/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/pt/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/pt/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/it/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/it/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/he/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/he/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/ro/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/ro/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/et/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/et/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/ga/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/ga/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/ja/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/ja/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/pt_BR/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/pt_BR/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/sv/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/sv/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/fr/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/fr/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/ru/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/ru/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/fi/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/fi/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/sq/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/sq/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/pl/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/pl/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/hr/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/hr/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/sk/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/sk/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/bs/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/bs/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/sl/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/sl/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",
marketing/public/locales/bn/features.json:36:      "realTimeAvailability": {
marketing/public/locales/bn/features.json:37:        "name": "Real-time Availability",

## KEY FINDINGS:
1. NO actual wizard/flow/meeting React components found
2. Only translation strings mentioning "availability" 
3. No Step, Stepper, Wizard, Flow, Progress components
4. No MeetingForm, CreateMeeting, MeetingScheduler components
5. No SlotPicker or Availability components
6. All found content is just i18n translation files

## CONCLUSION:
The personal meeting flow UI exists ONLY in Flutter mobile app, not as web React components.
No web-based wizard, stepper, or meeting creation flow was found in the repository.
